docs: add CPU and GPU type (#5060)
jina-ai/jina: docs/fundamentals/jcloud/resources.md

By default, `0.1 (1/10 of a core)` CPU is allocated to each Executor. You can use `cpu` arg under `resources` to customise it.

> Jcloud provides general Intel Xeon processer (Skylake 8175M or Cascade Lake 8259CL) by default. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JCloud offers the general Intel Xeon processor (Skylake 8175M or Cascade Lake 8259CL) by default. 
```

#### GPU

> JCloud supports GPU workloads with two different usages - `shared` & `dedicated`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JCloud supports GPU workloads with two different usages: `shared` or `dedicated`. 
```

> If GPU is enabled, Jcloud will provision NVIDIA A10G Tensor Core GPUs for workloads in both usage type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If GPU is enabled, JCloud will provide NVIDIA A10G Tensor Core GPUs for workloads in both usage types.
```
